### Who am I?

Hi, I'm Yılmaz. I'm 15 years old and I live in Istanbul, Turkey. I'm currently studying in TED Ronesans highschool, in prep class. My hobbies are programming, playing video games and tennis. Although, I'm not interested in video games development. I can speak Turkish, English and a little bit German as I'm still learning it at A2 level. And in programming world, I only know Python. I'm trying to learn C++ and C# however I like how capable Python is on AI (Artificial Intelligence). I definitely want to be a software developer in the future and work on AI. 

### How it all started?

I first started programming in 2017 with the support from my math teacher, Aytek Uğur Şen, from primary school. When I graduated from primary school; he and my science teacher left the school and opened a course called "Bilimin Çakıl Taşları". There, I learned about taking inputs, printing data, loops, if/else statements etc. I couldn't understand what "for loop" is used for though :D. I was too excited about learning new things. One day, one of my classmates taught me database operations using SQLite3. That day, I created my first ever project where you can create an account, sign in and run some random programs such as calculator or fibonacci. In late 2018, I had to leave the course due to bad financial situations.

Later, in 2019, my information technologies teacher from middle school, Şebnem Öğrek, decided to open a club in my school where she'll teach Arduino. She asked for students who're interested in computers, and my friends told her about me. When I entered the club, my interest on Arduino and mechatronics increased. After our teacher couldn't continue to give lessons about Arduino (she had to work in another school); I gave a long break to Python. Although, I didn't stop working on Arduino. One day, an idea came to my mind during a math lesson in eight grade: creating a software which would encrypt and decrypt text. When I went home, I googled for some examples of encrypting and decrypting in Python; and I found out that there's already a library called cryptography which is capable of encrypting using one of strongest encryption algorithms, AES (Advanced Encryption Standard).

Even though I took a long break to Python, it didn't take too long for me to remember everything I know. Yet, I had some trouble making the library work. So I gave up. Instead, I decided to work on my project. After a short time, I decided to try that library again. And surprisingly, it worked! I named my second ever project "Encrypt'n Decrypt". I wanted the application to have a GUI, so I started learning about how to create a GUI using tkinter or PyQt (all myself). First, it seemed a bit complicated. Yet it got easier as the time went on.
