README.md, before:

### Hello there 👋!

I'm Yılmaz. I'm 15 years old and I'm living in Istanbul, Turkey. I'm currently studying in TED Ronesans highschool, in 9th grade. My hobbies are programming and playing video games. I can speak Turkish, English und ein bisschen Deutsch. And in the programming world, the languages I know are, well, the below ones for now:

- C/C++
- Python
- C# (beginner)

I've been learning Python since 2017 (it's been 5 years, wow) and I decided to jump to other languages in late 2021, starting with C#, followed by C++ and Java. I was first interested in object oriented programming, yet I've been into low level and procedural programming nowadays. And, well, I definitely want to be a software engineer.

<img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Yilmaz4&show_icons=true&theme=dark&bg_color=0d1117&cache_seconds=1801&title_color=c7cfd8&text_color=979da3&border_color=30363d&include_all_commits=True&custom_title=My%20GitHub%20stats&count_private=true&hide=contribs,stars" width="37.3%"> <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Yilmaz4&layout=compact&bg_color=0d1117&cache_seconds=1700&title_color=c7cfd8&text_color=979da3&border_color=30363d&custom_title=My%20top%20languages&hide=tcl,html,Batchfile,Makefile" width="24%"> <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/wakatime?username=Yilmaz4&show_icons=true&theme=dark&bg_color=0d1117&cache_seconds=50&title_color=c7cfd8&text_color=979da3&hide=markdown,text,other,html,c&border_color=30363d&include_all_commits=True&custom_title=My%20coding%20stats%20this%20week" width="37.3%">

I'm currently watching various videos on YouTube to learn how a computer works in a very low level, and to learn C++.

Commit message:

replace readme with random stuff

README.md, after:

### Hello there 👋!

I'm Yılmaz, another unique arrengment of mainly 11 types of atoms, 7 octillion in total (I counted them all last tuesday), all held up together by the electromagnetic force. I was born in 2007 and started programming in 2017. But did you know that the majority of your brain is in fact triacylglycerol? That's right, you're a fathead.

<img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Yilmaz4&show_icons=true&theme=dark&bg_color=0d1117&cache_seconds=1801&title_color=c7cfd8&text_color=979da3&border_color=30363d&include_all_commits=True&custom_title=My%20GitHub%20stats&count_private=true&hide=contribs,stars" width="37.3%"> <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Yilmaz4&layout=compact&bg_color=0d1117&cache_seconds=1700&title_color=c7cfd8&text_color=979da3&border_color=30363d&custom_title=My%20top%20languages&hide=tcl,html,Batchfile,Makefile" width="24%"> <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/wakatime?username=Yilmaz4&show_icons=true&theme=dark&bg_color=0d1117&cache_seconds=50&title_color=c7cfd8&text_color=979da3&hide=markdown,text,other,html,c&border_color=30363d&include_all_commits=True&custom_title=My%20coding%20stats%20this%20week" width="37.3%">
